hey everyone and thanks for coming to
watch my video on cautions and this will
be a quick guide on how to get your
digimon from level 1 to 16 regardless of
what did you want it is it it's just
going to be a fast little guide and i'll
show you how if you're starting of
you'll pier and dats what you want to do
is you want to go to yokohama love
village which is right through here
alright when you get in a yokohama all
you want to do is run down this path
tell you it's very helpful to keep your
map open just minimized into in the
corner that way you know its direction
you're going and where stuff is so this
is where you need to make the decision
if you're going to train your starter
digimon or a level 35 out of 5 5 you
want to take this right portal that will
take you to level three core 01 but if
you're one to train a 45 or 55 you go
through this left portal all right and
as you can see i'm at wood what bench
park I don't know why it's not wooden
bench but wood bench and you just kill
these little coupon right here until you
reach level eight it will go pretty fast
if you have money you can buy CDs to
help make your digimon live longer yes
they are levels 5 through 8 I believe
this is 9 the mutation is level 9 but
they are still fairly weak and you will
be able to kill them with a 45 or 55
fairly easy now if you're finding you
can't just go back and take that right
path I showed you and those are much
weaker their a levels 3 through 5 I
believe okay and when you hit level
eight just come here oh you can kill
khoonam on and go to naman if you want
quagga mon grand quagga mon or the ARU
Kinney one grants with the spider with
the weird eyeball on this ass but I'm
going to take you where you're going to
be from a little eight til 11 all right
and here we are in the second part of
the wood
bench trail all you do you can pretty
much ignore these dramudam on and got
sumin they are no help whatsoever pretty
much all you want to do is go down here
pass these devimon will get meet
everyone and run straight down this path
until you get to the end you're going to
be wanting to kill Oh grab you one their
level 11 through 14 and they are a data
type Digimon so if you have a vaccine
you can kill them pretty easy pretty
fast staying with data the only thing is
if you have a virus you might take know
if you have a virus or a vaccine I mean
a virus or data sorry you'll be able to
kill them fairly effectively if you have
a vaccine type they will deal more
damage so all you want to do is kill
these until you're each level 11 there
is also if you're new player there's
also a request that pops up it's called
the tyranny of goblin all at once you do
is kill 5 and then you get a goblin egg
gah boom on Mercer egg which is good if
you want to sell it you can sell gabumon
eggs for 20 ml each if while you're
leveling up you get a lot of them and
you don't want to try to hatch yourself
a goblin one or you already have one
just go and sell their eggs I'll be
taking you to western village now to
show you where you'd be from levels 11
through 16 and a little money-making
method if you didn't already know all
right i'll be showing you how to get to
western villages with then that's where
you're going to be training from levels
11 through 16 oh you will be killing
champion level digimon so that's why I
wanted you to have a champion of your
own all you do is go to the data center
and talk to megumi and she'll take you
to the D terminal alright and once you
get into the Z terminal it's just a
straight path to the start mon and
passion which will take you to the
western village
for free all right and once you get to
western village there is a mud frigimon
right here straight ahead of star moment
of passion and he will help you selling
I'm buying the items you need if you're
low on health or your day timona is just
weaker for some reason I don't know why
there is also pawnchessmon to scan
digi-egg for you if you get a lot of all
training here so that that's one method
you'll be able to make some quick cash
another method I'm about to show you
right now will be coming all the way
back here near the temple of deaf one if
you already know this method great if
you don't I'm just going to show you
real quick so one what you want to do is
just run past all these woodman and
mushroom on they won't hit you for a lot
of damage um they've shown it at least
unless you're a data type then yeah you
might want to run faster once you get
all the way back here all you want to do
is start killing the dead mon and once
you start killing them you'll start
building cook experience but the second
reason you want to kill these is because
um after you kill i'm going to say it's
about 20 a kill count will pop out and
it will request you to kill another 10
after you kill that second set of 10 to
dig mon mini-bosses will appear there's
two reason to kill these one is if you
kill them with a Digimon under level 25
they will drop a hundred percent of the
time a monster card level to which our
lease the reason you want to do this is
you can sell monster card tubes for 10
mil for from the right buyer or you can
open your own little shop and sell them
through there I personally by all the
monster card level twos I can find
because I use them too far beast data
because they spawn 3li oman regardless
but other than that they have a chance
to spawn another
for I believe broom on which will also
drop the their eggs which is extremely
helpful because there are 20 milli eggs
each I'm going to pause real quick and
get the kill count I need and then I'll
show you what the dig Mon boxes look
like alright and as you can see there's
one digman left on the kill count and
I'm just going to go ahead and kill this
one real quick and you'll see the to dig
my own boxes spawn this warning will pop
up it won't the downside is it broadcast
it through all the channels what you
want to hurry up and do is attack both
dig mon because if you don't then
someone can run up and attack one of
them and kind of kill your hard work as
you're going to see i'm not going to get
any drops because my sawed-off you one
is almost level 67 so that's way beyond
the seventh level gap I currently do not
have a level 25 did you want to show you
this little trick but trust me it's a
hundred percent drop and Monster Cards
or worth it because not two players buy
them mainly for the same reason I do but
um that's going to be the conclusion to
this 12 16 guide i'll put up a 16-2
probably 50 guide which will be a much
much faster obviously this is just an
intro and if you need another
money-making edit i can give you a few
more tips if you request another video
other than that thanks for watching try
to like and i'll see you later